
# Rental Bike Share Prediction

Bike sharing systems are a new generation of traditional bike rentals where the whole process from membership, rental and return back has become automatic. Through these systems, users are able to easily rent a bike from a particular position and return back at another position. Currently, there are about over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world which is composed of over 500 thousand bicycles. Today, there exists great interest in these systems due to their important role in traffic, environmental and health issues. Apart from interesting real-world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data being generated by these systems make them attractive for the research. The goal here is to build an end-to-end regression task. Here the user will provide the data and the result will be given by the best performing hyper tuned Machine Learning model.



## Table of Content

#### 1)Demo (herku link)
#### 2)Overview
#### 3)Data set
#### 4)Installation
#### 5)Deployment
#### 6)Documentation
#### 7)Directory Tree
#### 8)Technology Used
#### 9)Future Scope of Project








## Heroku link
Heroku:
https://ebikesharedemand.herokuapp.com/
## Overview
This is a Flask web app which predicts the count of the bikes available based on the user's input in which there are several categories to fill in like the season,windspeed,humidity,temperature, time,weekday,weather user is searching and other things by which model will predict the number of bikes will be available for that particular condition
## Goal
Taking climatic conditions into consideration this model will predict the number of bikes can be used in the particular hour of a day.So that the company can make sure that there should be availibility of bike should be there ,so that the consumer can utilize and Comapany can make maximum profits.
## DataSet
You can download the dataset from the below link
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bike+Sharing+Dataset
## Installation 
The code is Written in Python 3.7
## Deployement
Heroku
Login or signup in order to create virtual app. You can either connect your github profile or download ctl to manually deploy this project.



## Technology Used
Python

Flask

Heroku
## Contributor
Shadab Ahmad
## Future Scope
Use Deeplearning 

Optimize Flask app.py

